README.md, before:

My brrruuuh config of Arch
---

Here I place all my dotfiles (but without Emacs, because it in separated [repository](https://github.com/semeninrussia/emacs.el)).

You can find here my config of my shell ([fish](https://fishshell.com/)) + terminal ([alacritty](https://alacritty.org/ "GPU terminal"))

![my shell screen](./doc/shell.png)

my config for editors which I rarely use:

- [Code](https://devrant.com/rants/5333874/my-biggest-problem-with-visual-studio-code-is-that-every-fucking-piece-of-shit-d)
- [Helix](https://helix-editor.com/)

![vsc](./doc/vsc.png)

and other things in the majority Linux things like [bat](https://github.com/sharkdp/bat)

## Install

If you already install all things that I configure installation is easily:

1. Install [GNU Stow](https://www.gnu.org/software/stow/ "site is a shit, tool is ok") using anything like `pacman -S stow`
1. Cloning this repo `git clone https://github.com/semenInRussia/brruh.git`
2. Sync this config using `cd brruh & stow .` (so stow installation is also needed before)

Note: that stow can you say anything like "I found conflicts", it's ok and tells that stow can't automatically erase your configuration files (because it isn't safe) YOU MUST ERASE YOUR CONFIG FILES BEFORE, I suggest you to save your config to other directory, in it you also can `stow` btw

Also note: that you can use only part of my config files for it just don't install extra packages (for example you don't use helix, to don't use my config files of Helix just don't install Helix) or if you need to use your Helix config just remove the Helix directory from my dotfiles it's ok

## Uninstall

Inside `brruh` directory execute the following easy `stow` command:

```shell
stow -D .
```

Easily i think

Commit message:

readme.md update for bspwm

README.md, after:

My brrruuuh config of Arch
---

Here I place all my dotfiles (but without Emacs, because it in separated [repository](https://github.com/semeninrussia/emacs.el)).

You can find here my config of my shell ([fish](https://fishshell.com/)) + terminal ([alacritty](https://alacritty.org/ "GPU terminal"))

![my shell screen](./doc/shell.png)

The main part is configuration of window manager I use [bspwm](https://github.com/baskerville/bspwm "a tiling manager for nubs") with [polybar](https://github.com/polybar/polybar "a status bar (a thing at the top of screen)")

![my system screen](./doc/demo.png)

my configuration for editors which I rarely use:

- [Code](https://devrant.com/rants/5333874/my-biggest-problem-with-visual-studio-code-is-that-every-fucking-piece-of-shit-d)
- [Helix](https://helix-editor.com/)

![vsc](./doc/vsc.png)

and other things in the majority Linux things like [bat](https://github.com/sharkdp/bat)

## Install

If you already install all things that I configure installation is easily:

1. Install [GNU Stow](https://www.gnu.org/software/stow/ "site is a shit, tool is ok") using anything like `pacman -S stow`
1. Cloning this repo `git clone https://github.com/semenInRussia/brruh.git`
2. Sync this config using `cd brruh & stow .` (so stow installation is also needed before)

Note: that stow can you say anything like "I found conflicts", it's ok and tells that stow can't automatically erase your configuration files (because it isn't safe) YOU MUST ERASE YOUR CONFIG FILES BEFORE, I suggest you to save your config to other directory, in it you also can `stow` btw

Also note: that you can use only part of my config files for it just don't install extra packages (for example you don't use `bspwm` --- don't install Helix) or if you need to use your bspwm not mine config remove the Helix directory from my dotfiles it's ok

## Uninstall

Inside `brruh` directory execute the following easy `stow` command:

```shell
stow -D .
```

Easily i think
